When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    So you can share your work with others or yourself in other computers. Also
    to serve as an online backup of your work.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    Many people might be working and pushing changes to the repository that
    may not be important or relevant to you when you are working on something
    else (like some new feature). So these changes can wait until you decide
    to pull them into your repository and possibly merge with your branches.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    Forks are similar to clones made directly in GitHub (GitHub keeps a reference
    to their original repository). A clones is a copy of a repository. Branch is
    new path for commits inside a repository.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    You can work on multiple branches of your repository without requiring
    an Internet connection. Later you can update your repository (fetch) 
    and merge changes as needed after which you could push them to the
    remote.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    Collaborating without a version control system would be very hard in all
    but the simplest projects. Git allows many people to work on the same 
    repository without interfering with each other and deciding when they want
    to exchange changes among branches. GitHub additionally lets us to work
    through the Internet on a single shared server. All these things are made
    possible by Git or GitHub. I cannot imagine what would become easier if
    a VCS were not used though.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    Fill in your answer here
